doc: Updates documentation on getting started and adds a section to configure KMS Key Policy (#1123)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: examples/README.md

You must [configure API keys](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-api-access/#std-label-atlas-admin-api-access) to authenticate with your MongoDB Atlas organization.

### AWS

### CloudFormation Profile

> A profile should be created in the AWS Secrets Manager, containing the MongoDB Atlas Programmatic API Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create a profile in the AWS Secrets Manager that contains the MongoDB Atlas Programmatic API Key.
```

> Use [this template](profile-secret.yaml) to create a [new CloudFormation stack](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/create) for the default profile that all resources will attempt to use unless a different override is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [this template](profile-secret.yaml) to create a [new CloudFormation stack](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/create) for the default profile that all resources attempt to use unless you specify a different override.
```

### Configure the IAM Execution Role
CloudFormation extensions use an *execution role* ([IAM Role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html)) to access AWS resources.

> This role must be configured with at least a policy allowing `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` to access the configured [profile](../README.md#2-configure-your-profile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must configure this role must with at least a policy allowing `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` to access the configured [profile](../README.md#2-configure-your-profile).
```

> To create the execution role you can either:
> 1. Use the [execution-role.yaml](execution-role.yaml) template
> 2. Create the execution-role as part of the [next step](#activate-the-mongodb-atlas-cloudformation-public-extensions)
> 3. Use the [AWS Console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?region=us-east-1#/roles) or another method of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the execution role, do one of the following steps:
- Use the [execution-role.yaml](execution-role.yaml) template
- Create the execution-role as part of the [next step](#activate-the-mongodb-atlas-cloudformation-public-extensions)
- Use the [AWS Console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?region=us-east-1#/roles) or another method of your choice.
```

### Activate the MongoDB Atlas CloudFormation public extensions

> You have two options for activating the extensions, for example `MongoDB::Atlas::Cluster`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the following options for activating the extensions, for example `MongoDB::Atlas::Cluster`:
```

> - Use the [Cloudformation service in the AWS Console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the [CloudFormation service in the AWS Console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY):
```

> 1. Use the [Cloudformation service in the AWS Console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY)
>    1. Ensure you are in the correct AWS region
>    2. Select Publisher=`ThirdParty`
>    3. Extension name prefix = `MongoDB::Atlas`
>    4. Select the resource type and click `Activate`
>    5. In the *Execution role ARN* specify the role arn, for example `arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/cfn-execution-role`, from the previous step
> 2. Use the provided [CFN template](activate-mongodb-atlas-resources.template.yaml) to create an IAM execution role and activate all MongoDB Atlas extensions
>    1. Specify the Region
>    2. [Create the stack](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks?filteringText=&filteringStatus=active&viewNested=true). If the stack has been run before in the same region, you will run into failures as AWS does not allow to use `TypeActivation` to re-activate extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [Cloudformation service in the AWS Console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/registry/public-extensions?visibility=PUBLIC&type=RESOURCE&category=THIRD_PARTY):
   1. Ensure you are in the correct AWS region.
   2. Select Publisher=`ThirdParty`.
   3. Extension name prefix = `MongoDB::Atlas`.
   4. Select the resource type and click `Activate`.
   5. In the *Execution role ARN* specify the role arn, for example `arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/cfn-execution-role`, from the previous step.
- Use the provided [CFN template](activate-mongodb-atlas-resources.template.yaml) to create an IAM execution role and activate all MongoDB Atlas extensions:
   1. Specify the Region.
   2. [Create the stack](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks?filteringText=&filteringStatus=active&viewNested=true). If the stack has been run before in the same region, you will run into failures as AWS does not allow to use `TypeActivation` to re-activate extensions.
```

>    2. [Create the stack](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks?filteringText=&filteringStatus=active&viewNested=true). If the stack has been run before in the same region, you will run into failures as AWS does not allow to use `TypeActivation` to re-activate extensions.

Reviewer 2: Do we have any guidance to what users can do in this case? Or is this a AWS CFN limitation and they are just out of luck? If the later would suggest have a call out in here to advise users to create a support ticket with AWS directly for assistance.

Author: @Zuhairahmed thanks for the feedback 😁
Does this commit 32f8943928da70c3a5ac4028852e477abd8106f3 help sufficiently?

### Configure your KMS Key Policy

> If your profile secret is encrypted with a KMS Customer Managed Key (CMK) the key must be configured to allow access.
> To give the `execution role` access to the CMK you will need to configure a [KMS Key Policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policies.html).
> Our two recommended options are:
> 1. [Allow access via Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/security-encryption.html#security-encryption-policies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your profile secret is encrypted with a KMS Customer Managed Key (CMK), you must configure the key to allow access.
To give the `execution role` access to the CMK, you must configure a [KMS Key Policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policies.html).
The recommended options include:
- [Allow access via Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/security-encryption.html#security-encryption-policies):
```

                {
            "Sid": "Enable IAM User Permissions",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::123456789:root"
            },
            "Action": "kms:*",
            "Resource": "*"
        },
        {
            "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt"
            ],
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "kms:CallerAccount": "123456789",
                    "kms:ViaService": "secretsmanager.{YOUR_REGION}.amazonaws.com"
                }
            },
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "AWS": [
                    "arn:aws:iam::123456789:role/YOUR_CFN_EXECUTION_ROLE" // or "*" to allow all of your IAM user/roles
                ]
            },
            "Resource": "*",
            "Sid": "Allow access through AWS Secrets Manager for the CFN Execution Role"
        }
    ],
    "Version": "2012-10-17"
  }
  ```
  - replace `123456789` with your [AWS account ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/console_account-alias.html)
  - replace `{YOUR_REGION}` with the CFN region, e.g., `us-east-1`

> 2. Use `kms:decrypt` on the `execution role` and [enable IAM policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-default.html#key-policy-default-allow-root-enable-iam) on the KMS key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `kms:decrypt` on the `execution role` and [enable IAM policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-default.html#key-policy-default-allow-root-enable-iam) on the KMS key:
```

  ```json
  {
    "Statement": [
    // other statements
        {
            "Sid": "Enable IAM User Permissions",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::123456789:root"
            },
            "Action": "kms:*",
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ],
    "Version": "2012-10-17"
    }
  ```
  - replace `123456789` with your [AWS account ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/console_account-alias.html)
  - ensure the IAM Execution Role has `kms:decrypt` permission:
  ```json
  {
    "Statement": [
        // other statements, e.g., `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue`
        {
            "Action": "kms:Decrypt",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Resource": "{KEY_ARN}"
        }
    ],
    "Version": "2012-10-17"
  }
  ```
  - replace `{KEY_ARN}` with your kms key arn

## Using the examples

> Once your prerequisites are configured, use the examples in this folder as a starting template for a resource to quickly create a CloudFormation stack. 

Reviewer 2: Can you double check if below cluster.json is correct? Believe since we are missing Database User connection string will fail to create. Also it needs an IP Access List entry otherwise it will be closed by default and no one with connection string will be able to access.

Author: It was referring to the wrong template file.
Fixed in bd031a1f12c597a35fc21304d745b90b16347cc6

   1. Ensure you are in the correct AWS region.
   2. Select Publisher=`ThirdParty`.
   3. Extension name prefix = `MongoDB::Atlas`.
   4. Select the resource type and click `Activate`.
   5. In the *Execution role ARN* specify the role arn, for example `arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/cfn-execution-role`, from the previous step.
- Use the provided [CFN template](activate-mongodb-atlas-resources.template.yaml) to create an IAM execution role and activate all MongoDB Atlas extensions:
   1. Specify the Region.
   2. [Create the stack](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks?filteringText=&filteringStatus=active&viewNested=true). If the stack has been run before in the same region, you will need to delete the previous stack and re-create the stack to re-activate the extensions.

### Configure your KMS Key Policy
If your profile secret is encrypted with a KMS Customer Managed Key (CMK), you must configure the key to allow access.
To give the `execution role` access to the CMK, you must configure a [KMS Key Policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policies.html).
The recommended options include:

> - [Allow access via Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/security-encryption.html#security-encryption-policies):

Reviewer 3: should we clarify that for this option no specific **kms** permissions need to be configured in the execution role?

Author: Good idea! Added

  ```json
  {
    "Statement": [
        // other statements
                {
            "Sid": "Enable IAM User Permissions",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::123456789:root"
            },
            "Action": "kms:*",
            "Resource": "*"

>         },

Reviewer 3: For this first option, is it necessary to enable IAM user permissions for the key policy?

Author: Yes. The key must have at least one admin. Otherwise, It is not possible to update the key policy.
However, it can be more restrictive. Added a comment

Reviewer 3: thanks you! great follow up additions to make first option clear.

        {
            "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt"
            ],
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "kms:CallerAccount": "123456789",
                    "kms:ViaService": "secretsmanager.{YOUR_REGION}.amazonaws.com"
                }
            },
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "AWS": [
                    "arn:aws:iam::123456789:role/YOUR_CFN_EXECUTION_ROLE" // or "*" to allow all of your IAM user/roles
                ]
            },
            "Resource": "*",
            "Sid": "Allow access through AWS Secrets Manager for the CFN Execution Role"
        }
    ],
    "Version": "2012-10-17"
  }
  ```
  - replace `123456789` with your [AWS account ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/console_account-alias.html)
  - replace `{YOUR_REGION}` with the CFN region, e.g., `us-east-1`

> - Use `kms:decrypt` on the `execution role` and [enable IAM policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-default.html#key-policy-default-allow-root-enable-iam) on the KMS key:

Reviewer 3: nice that you found this alternative option
